[Author: The Bookmaker] [Year: 4080]

If I don't write this down somewhere I'm going to forget! Before I start writing my complete codec history of the colony I will establish the timeline I want to write about.		
		
[3750]
The galaxy is no longer an unreachable void, now it is a playground for mankind. Humans have been mining asteroids and colonizing closeby planets for the last 500 years
The earth is made up of 3 leading nations, The Anglotets from the west, The Sinojese from the east and The Independants
Earth is mostly a peaceful place, with wars only taking place between private organisations across the solar system over planet claims.
SinCorp is the largest company in the solar system, making its profits from life extending drugs such as ExtendYoLyf.
Through a battle of the balance books SinCorp became the global dominant force of Earth and it ensures the 3 nations co-operation and encourages diversity across its people, and it's products.

[3800]
Cloning humans is perfected by SinCorp when they develop a formula based on ExtendYoLife called Mulch, which is used to create the clones. They announce plans to begin a mass colonization effort across the galaxy using this new technology.

[3805]
Just 5 years after perfecting cloning technology, the corp sent out over a thousand colony ships far into space stocked up with ExtendYoLyf and humans known as 'Founders' from the 3 leading nations with the technology to create servient clones.

[3900]
The Zhuding-7 colony ship, 100 years into its 200 light-year trip, experiences a loss of ship captain AI and communication with earth due to dark-space corruption.
Alexander Wang, who was born during the trip, son of one of the founders steps up to calm the crew and arrange for a manual intervention on the ships controls
Wang is successful in bringing the ship into manual control and decides to continue towards the targeted planet. This show of leadership earn his the nickname 'Captain'.

[4000]
The Zhuding-7 colony ship lands on its targeted planet. The atmosphere is breathable but the land appears barren and devoid of life

[4010]
Within 10 years of colonising the first 100 clones are created, several of the clones failed to be created fully but the remaining clones begin work on eco projects to make food supplies sustainable

[4050]
The colony has began to grow its clone production but for every clone created, a failed clone is thrown away. The clone failing issue is never addressed

[4052]
With growing tensions, and the acts of a few failed clones, more clones begin defecting and leaving the corp, resulting in bandit camps near the landing zone which at this point is a minor clone-city, nicknamed 'Landzo'
		
[4060]
Many of the eco projects are failing and food supplies in the colony begin to dwindle. Most clones and even the founders are left to eating Mulch, the formula to create clones.

[4075]
Following concerns with the corps lack of diligence and its corruption, a founder named Kenshin Yamakai defects and sets up a new eco research station in the north east.
Asuna Li, the daughter of Captain Wang later joins Kenshin Yamakai in hopes to also develop a way to communicate with Earth. An obsession she has had since hearing stories about it during her childhood.

[4078]
Yamakai's followers are successfuful in creating their own little eden on the planet, but Asuna's requests for more efforts in communicating with earth go ignored.

[4080]
Asuna Li leaves the Yamakai after attempts to divert research efforts from Eco projects to Comms projects fail, she takes with her, stolen cloning technology and two clones for protection
Asuna sets up a research camp to the west and begins producing clones for her communication efforts
The camp regularly steals from SinCorp and has been dubbed The Dusters by SinCorp. All Dusters are wanted by SinCorp for crimes of stealing technology